hi guys it is so hot today in London um
which means that I'm not looking so hot
because I've been sweating and my
makeups like melting off it's just not a
good look
so yeah that's why I look like I'm
wearing the same clothes as yesterday
because I was actually wearing a white
t-shirt over this but it's way too hot
so I ended up taking that off okay so
you may notice that my face looks more
tan than my body and that's because I've
been using the boots all tan golden was
it called gradually golden face
moisturizer which is like a gradual
tanner for the face so I guess it's like
not that gradual is pretty potent so
I've only used it like two nights and my
face is already dark in my body so I'm
gonna have to space out how often I use
that um today I'm going to be doing a
mini review on the makeup stores
eyeshadows and also I have a mini Mac
haul coz I just got back from the MAC
store on Carnaby Street the pro store
so as you guys may know the makeup store
is a makeup store that's the name of the
brand the makeup store and they had a
store in Westfield's for a while and
then they recently opened one in Carnaby
Street it's a really pretty store they
have loads of color selections for
lipsticks nail polishes eyeshadows
foundations blush bronze are all that
good stuff
um so I went to the one in Westfield and
I picked two - the eyeshadows up first
of all the sizes size is really generous
it's like probably like twice the size
of a matte eyeshadow so those are the
colors I picked up this brown this warm
brown one with gold shimmer is called
zoko tool it's a really strange name but
I'll put the names in the description
box and this shimmery gray one is called
Monte and they're the Micro shadows so
they're very pigmented eyeshadows with a
lot of micro glitter in them I don't
know if you can tell so I'll swatch
these for you first this is the brown
one so it's super pigmented and it looks
really pretty
there's that swatched on my hand and
then the gray one is like this like you
just need a light swipe and you get all
of that color on your fingers so there's
that one swatch next to the brown now as
you can see these are super pigmented
and they are quite soft but the problem
I have with these eyeshadows is that
they are impossible to blend you get
them on your eyelid and you know when
your brush touches your skin it deposits
like loads of color but if you try to
blend it it just won't budge it'll just
stay in the spot that you first applied
it to so that's why I'm not too fond of
these eyeshadows I mean I use a eyelid
primer before I apply my eyeshadows so
maybe that made them harder to blend but
I usually don't have a problem with that
my few faced shadow insurance doesn't
affect how blendable my eyeshadows are
so it's probably just the formula of
these eyeshadows they're both equally
hard to blend although they're really
pigmented but you know if they're really
hard to work with I don't think there's
much point in getting them so I actually
have the gray one on today but I am it
would turn out really patchy so I ended
up blending like my Dior eyeshadow on
top of it just to even it out so it's a
really big hassle so I haven't tried any
of their other products but I wouldn't
recommend these micro shadows maybe
their other stuff is good but you know
after that experience I'm not too
tempted to go back for more so I went to
Mac like I said and I got two things
from the press of papier collection um
nothing really stood out to me in the to
the beach collection um I don't know I
don't like the idea of a cream bronzer
and the blushes didn't seem that
exciting so first of all I got an eye
shadow in Gazette gray which was
recommended to me by Belle de Jour
Dhara I love her channel if you're not
already subscribed to her go check her
channel out I'll put her link in the
description box so cuz that grey is like
a grey with green and gold shimmer it's
really pretty it's a bit sheer when you
first watch it but I've heard that it
looks better on the eyes so it's got
really nice glitter in there I don't
know if you can tell so swatch that my
hand yeah you can barely see it it's
just there but I'm excited to try that
on my eyes because on makeup alley
people say that it looks much better on
your eyes um the second thing I got is
this Boosh this mineralized blush in
light over dark I believe this is a
Reaper mote so that's what it looks like
it's gorgeous
one side it's like a cream with kind of
coppery bronze veins and the other side
is uh sort of like a warm taupey brown
so
swatch both sides that's the light side
it's really golden II copper and this is
the dark side so they're really shimmery
and then blend it together Oh doesn't
look as pretty anymore it's that color
so those three colors oh look it's not
as nice anymore okay so it's on my head
oh it's gorgeous so nice
um okay so that's the dark side that's
the light side and that's blended
together I think this would make an
amazing bronzer and you could use the
light color as a highlight gorgeous
really gorgeous the dark side is quite
red when it comes out but hopefully that
will be nice so I think it would almost
act like a bronzer and blush in one
because of the ready tones the ready
coppery tones plus the bronze base so
I'm really excited about that
yeah that's what I got from that the
eyeshadow was 11 pounds and the blush
was 1750 that's pretty expensive for the
blush I think but you know these
mineralized ones like last for ages so
that's light over dark let me has no of
any of you guys have this blush and how
you use it and stuff in what you pair it
with like for lips and eye shadows cuz
I'm interested to know what good
combinations there are and there's
Gazette gray guns so pretty and then
here's a look at the makeup store eye
shadows again is the gray one you guys
know I love my grays and the brown one
you can see the shimmer though it's
really pretty but just impossible to
work with
so that was my mini Mac ha and my little
makeup store review let me let me know
what you guys picked up in the recent
Mac collections in the comments below
and I'll speak to you soon